hello movie lovers i'm john from fast
films and today we're going to discuss a
2010 american slasher film called
hatchet 2. the story continues from the
end of part 1 where mary beth ended up
in the clutches of crowley mary beth
presses hard into crowley's eye he
loosens his grip on her as pain takes
over his mind
as he drops her into the water wailing
in pain mary beth hastily swims away a
while later jack cracker finds her in
the water and takes her back to his
cabin
he promises to take her home but after
learning she's the child of samson
dunstan he tells mary beth to leave his
house immediately he says crowley leaves
him b since he keeps to his business but
by helping her he doesn't want to get in
trouble mary beth asks the reason behind
this but cracker doesn't tell her saying
if she wants answers she should go to
the reverend zombie he then threatens
her with a gun and kicks her out after
she leaves cracker starts viewing
shapiro's camcorder which he found in
the swamp the footage shows shapiro
filming different topless women
including misty and jenna soon crowley
enters cracker's house and tears into
the flesh of his abdomen ripping out his
innard cracker attempts to escape but
crowley pulls him back with the
intestine and finishes him off by
strangling him with it mary beth reaches
the voodoo shop of the reverend zombie
and asks to speak with him he tells her
to come back later but when mary beth
says it's urgent he agrees to talk once
she's inside the shop mary beth tells
him that everyone died in the honey
island swamp
zombie asks her if she went on the tour
which she confirms and asks how he knew
when he asks her what happened she tells
him that the boat got stuck and crowley
massacred everyone zombie expresses
dismay at the passing of sean the boat
driver and explains that he used to work
for him it is revealed that zombie had
sent the illegal tour to honey island
swamp mary beth tells him her father's
name and what cracker had said she asks
him how her father is related to crowley
zombie explains that years ago thomas
crowley's wife cheyenne got sick with
cancer thomas hired a nurse lena as her
caretaker in the slow months leading to
cheyenne's death lena and thomas got
closer
one day when cheyenne finally found
release from the agony of her life
thomas stood in front of her body
clenching lena's hand
the two kissed but when they pulled away
there she stood cheyenne enraged and
infuriated she cursed the child lena was
carrying in her womb and fell dead
immediately after
the day victor crowley was born the
whole swamp seemed to be mourning
even the wildlife became sickly and died
victor was born with grotesque tumors
and disease unable to handle the
disfigurement of her baby lena died the
moment she lay eyes on him
thomas spent the rest of his life in
hiding with his child holding him as the
only thing dear left in the world to him
the night when the children set the
crowley's house alight thomas tried to
save his son but instead ended up
killing him with his own hands
overtaken by grief and sorrow thomas
went to the children's houses but they
hid behind their parents and denied
everything
samson dunstan he says was one of the
children who caused victor's death
that's why crowley wouldn't spare mary
beth or anyone who helped her mary beth
gets enraged and confronts zombie for
sending a tour to the swamp despite
knowing about the vicious killer roaming
the swamp zombie tells her that the boat
wasn't supposed to stop had it not this
tragic event would have been avoided
mary beth tells him to take her back
there so she can bring the bodies of her
father and brother back for a proper
burial if he refuses she says she'll
tell the police about his illegal
business
zombie tells her that he'll take her
back to the swamp but they need more
people as safety is in numbers
he further tells her that he'll only do
this if her uncle comes with her
mary beth initially refuses to bring him
along but when zombie insists she agrees
after mary beth leaves zombie calls his
helper and sean's brother justin he
tells him that they'll have to go to the
swamp to look for his brother in their
boat he further tells him to gather
people with guns to accompany them on
the mission
trent he says must accompany them at all
costs mary beth later meets with her
uncle bob and tells him what happened at
the swamp when she tells him about
zombie bob reveals zombie's real name as
clyde and tells her to stay away from
him
mary beth explains that the legend of
victor crowley is real and she has to go
back with clive to retrieve her family's
bodies but bob forbids her from going
back in there and tells her to go with
him to the doctor
mary beth tries to change bob's mind but
he insists on taking her to the hospital
mary beth then requests him to give her
some time she'll go wherever he wants to
take her in a few hours she says
bob melts and tells her he'll come back
for her in an hour
next mary beth is seen sitting amongst
the people gathered by justin for the
swamp mission
they sit in the voodoo shop awaiting
zombie more people pour in who are
greeted by justin trent a tough-looking
old man also joins them followed by a
girl named avery justin tries his luck
on her but she ignores him completely
and scans the room before walking to a
guy named layton she acts surprised upon
seeing him and takes the seat beside him
leighton seems irritated and tells her
that he's getting married soon this
hints that the two had a history
together once they've all gathered clive
steps out and tells them he's lost a
boat in the swamp since going there's
illegal he says he'll give anyone who
accompanies him five hundred dollars
he further tells them that because of
the legend tours there have been
prohibited which has crippled his
business
they need to go on a hunt in the swamps
and prove that it's safe
a man in the audience asks what they're
hunting to which clive replies victor
crowley people immediately start leaving
the shop clive tries to stop them and
says that crowley is not real but they
don't stop
as tren heads out clive stops him and
tells him he needs him trent remarks
clive knows his history he says he
doesn't want any more trouble but clive
offers him more money and reminds him
how badly he needs it
thus trent agrees to come along bob then
appears at the voodoo shop and looks
over at marybeth clive realizes he must
be her uncle he greets him but bob
ignores him and takes a seat beside mary
beth mary beth starts to apologize but
bob comforts her he says if she needs to
do this to find peace he'll help her
however he says they'll immediately
return after gathering the bodies mary
beth nods and thanks him clive then
addresses the few people now left in the
shop he offers them 500 for accompanying
him on the mission but for victor
crowley's head he says he'll give five
grand
the boats are then loaded and taken to
the swamp in the boat mary beth tells
clyde that though victor crowley is said
to be a ghost he feels pain as she heard
him the previous night clive says victor
is a repeater no matter how many times
you hurt him he'll come back if you
decapitate him though he says that might
finish him for good as the sun is
setting the boats are docked and they
all get off to look for the house where
the bodies of the deceased are meant to
be
night soon falls but the house is not
found while walking avery remarks that
the place is strange not even birds can
be seen there leyden however assures her
that she's only feeling it because of
the rumors
behind them john chad and vernon are
walking chad and vernon are joking
around john however keeps to himself
after long hours of hopelessly wandering
the swamp trent gets frustrated and asks
how long it will take but mary beth
still couldn't figure out which way the
house was supposed to be
they decide to split up into groups to
cover more ground so that they can find
the house
clive marybeth bob trent and justin form
one group and start searching while
vernon chad cletus john leighton and
avery are left as the second group
repelled by the disgusting boys avery
tells leighton that she wants to go
somewhere else
seeing her discomfort leighton agrees to
take her elsewhere cletus remarks he's
going to the boats to catch a gator chad
tags along with him just so he can stay
close to the boat and so that he's not
left behind while cletus and chad are
hunting alligators near the boats chad
remarks 5k is a pretty huge amount for a
man's head cletus tells him that the
legend is false the only reason they
were offered such an insane amount is
that there is no victor crowley after a
bit more chit chat and a few more
gunshots they hear some strange noises
from the bushes behind and turn towards
them thinking it's probably vernon
playing a prank on them they try to call
out to him but get no response
a moment later crowley leaps at them
from behind the bushes
cletus escapes but victor manages to
tackle chad to the ground he then kills
him by repeatedly hitting him in the
face with the end of a hatchet while
mary beth's group is wandering around
justin asks clive his actual purpose for
bringing all the men down to the swamps
clive tells him that if crowley is still
out there he knows how to put an end to
him he then points at tren and bob and
tells justin that those were the two who
lit crowley's house alight with dunstan
all those years ago if crowley has his
revenge he will leave the swamp and
clive can safely bring tours here again
justin remarks clive brought them all
out here to murder them but clive tells
him that they all came out of their own
free will
justin asks clive if his brother is
really alive to which clive says he must
be
he tells him everything will be fine and
urges him to continue the search
after escaping crowley cletus gets on
the boat and tries to leave
but the boat does not start throwing
nervous glances behind him cletus then
tries to manually start the propeller he
shouts in triumph as it starts and looks
back to make sure he isn't being tailed
he then looks back to see the vicious
killer standing in front of him
he pulls cletus down into the water and
kills him by forcing his face into the
boat's propeller leighton and avery sit
under a tree together after a brief
conversation leighton asks avery if she
remembers that he once said he didn't
take the test for a driver's license in
high school because he was sick when
avery says she remembers leighton
reveals he had lied that day
he did take the test but failed avery
reveals that she knew all along since
her relative worked at the dmv and she
told her everything
leighton asks why she didn't confront
him then to which she replied she had a
crush on him and she didn't want him to
feel bad avery then leans in and kisses
leighton after a moment leighton pulls
away and says this isn't right to push
him a bit more avery removes her top
layton's wall of defense crumbles and he
gives in to her mary beth finally finds
the shed in which the bodies of her
father and brother were kept but to her
utter dismay the bodies are not there
anymore mary beth breaks down after this
bob tries to comfort her and tells her
this must probably be a different shed
but mary beth seems to be sure that she
saw the bodies there she comes to the
conclusion that crowley must have taken
them inside the house and makes her way
into it
justin says they must stop her from
going towards danger but clive forbids
him and tells him to let them go while
leighton and avery are busy having a
romp in the woods crowley approaches
them from behind and decapitates
leighton with his hatchet avery notices
that he stopped moving and looks back at
him to see his decapitated body
she screams and crawls ahead crowley
approaches her from behind and strikes
her with the hatchet he then hits her
right on the chest with it thus
finishing her off mary beth roams
crowley's house desperately looking for
the bodies bob tries to convince her to
leave but she begs for some more time
justin and trent also try to make clive
leave but he refuses
just then crowley's snarls are heard
from a distance they all panic and lock
the door bob approaches clive and tells
him this is all his fault clive hints
that it's actually bob's fault but bob
seems to be baffled seemingly unaware of
what clive means
john and vernon are also alerted by the
snarl and they try to locate its cause
after seeing some plants move vernon
calls out to whoever's hiding in there
after finding no response john shoots a
bullet into the moving plants mary beth
and the group hear the gunshot and
wonder if the others might have gotten
crowley justin tries to leave saying he
needs to find his brother but mary beth
stops him she then tells him the truth
about his brother's death further adding
that clive knew the truth justin lashes
out at clive for lying to him but clive
tells him he wasn't sure if sean had
actually died as vernon and john stand
with their guns aimed at the bushes the
sound of a chainsaw starting is heard
soon after the end of a chainsaw emerges
from the plants followed by the
disfigured killer
the two shoot numerous bullets into him
but crowley keeps advancing towards them
vernon hides behind john but crowley
puts the chainsaw between their legs and
splits both of them into halves while a
panic justin is pressed up against the
wall cussing in fear and helplessness
clive approaches him and grabs him by
the collar he tells him that if crowley
has his revenge on the two he'll find
his peace and they all will be free
trent remarks that the door can be the
only way to come in
bob says he'll check if there are any
other entrances but before leaving to
check he tells mary beth to hide mary
beth protests but bob sternley tells her
to hide justin then pulls her away to
hide her while they're both hiding mary
beth tells justin she's sorry about his
brother
justin asks why she didn't tell him
about this earlier mary beth says she
thought clive would have told him she
then asks what clive was telling him in
secrecy justin tells her clive's plan
and how he brought trent and bob to be
murdered by crowley to free the swamp
from him
mary beth panics and immediately rushes
out to alert bob leaving justin behind
justin senses a presence and blocks the
door with a chair before hiding inside a
closet he turns on his flashlight and
starts looking around to his horror
crowley is revealed to be standing right
behind him
justin attempts to run but crowley
throws his hatchet at him burying it in
his back just as mary beth approaches
bob they hear justin's whales and
realize that crowley's in the house
crowley finishes just enough by wearing
half his head away with a belt sander
bob in an attempt to save justin
accidentally releases victor mary beth
attempts to attack him but is tossed
against the wall trent shoots at victor
who then comes after him taking him into
the kitchen
despite victor's strength trent uses the
nearby surroundings to his advantage and
manages to get a few hits on victor
while the two are fighting clive pulls a
protesting mary beth out of the house
and locks an injured bob inside with
victor
victor soon overpowers trent and kills
him by severing the top half of his head
by kicking it against a table clive
restrains mary beth while she screams as
she hears bob being murdered by victor
inside she falls to the ground in tears
and clive declares it's over claiming
crowley is dead mary beth tells clyde
that she will report his crimes to the
police but clive responds by preparing
to shoot her only now does mary beth
reveal that bob was not her real uncle
her father's brother had died of
leukemia a long time ago
bob was her father's best friend clive
turns to see victor breaking through the
wall of the cabin now realizing his plan
to kill him has failed clive advances
towards victor and attempts to choke him
but victor kills him by severing him in
half before ripping out his severed
spine effectively skinning him alive
just after victor discards clive's
skinned upper body mary beth strikes him
in the forehead with his hatchet
knocking him to the ground
she then hysterically beats his head
into a bloody pulp she eventually stops
and walks off victor's hand twitches
mary beth returns with clive's shotgun
and blows victor's head off with this
the movie ends thank you for watching